[Workers] storage options + Pages aside (#12345)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/storage-options.md

The Cloudflare Workers platform provides multiple storage options. This guide will inform you on which storage option is appropriate based on your project's use case.

{{<Aside type="note" header="Pages Functions">}}

> Storage options can also be used by your front-end application built with Cloudflare Pages. For more information on available Pages and storage compatibilities, refer to the [Pages Functions Bindings documentation](/pages/functions/bindings/).

Author: ```suggestion
Storage options can also be used by your front-end application built with Cloudflare Pages. For more information on available storage options for Pages applications, refer to the [Pages Functions Bindings documentation](/pages/functions/bindings/).
```

> Storage options can also be used by your front-end application built with Cloudflare Pages. For more information on available storage options for Pages applications, refer to the [Pages Functions Bindings documentation](/pages/functions/bindings/).

Author: ```suggestion
Storage options can also be used by your front-end application built with Cloudflare Pages. For more information on available storage options for Pages applications, refer to the [Pages Functions bindings documentation](/pages/functions/bindings/).
```
